something cool before you go to school
Zac Efron has a new film at this week
called the life and the death and life
of charlatan cloud on a golden ticket to
take afternoon tea with him why is your
bring her
I didn't mean to spy on you Charlie it's
okay
Zac Effron is back with the death and
life of Charlie's and cloud Santa's a
big departure from his previous teen
idol roles in High School Musical and 17
again so is the more serious Zac closer
to the real man I got the chance to find
out when he invited me over for tea nice
heart yeah so yeah in town promoting
cloud thanks for coming by no that's all
now it's just a little beard I realized
there's a pattern in history all the
coolest people have beards okay Zach
Galifianakis Charles a second Abe
Lincoln yeah why not very good right
this way ah now they got a piano as well
there's this weak little musical you
know a little bit chopsticks
she's great it's very posh your
character in Chaves and cloud
he really does wear his scars very
visibly doesn't he is scarred and he is
emotionally very disturbed from the
accident I used someone like that do you
kind of allow things to affect you
deeply luckily I've been able to avoid
huge devastating accidents and he is a
larger facebook relationship which is
younger brother and you
younger brothers you get is that a spare
special thing it's like having a partner
in crime your whole life you know
a built-in friend you know we were like
shared bunk beds our whole lives
oh so it's it's safe to say we're very
very close you're great in the film and
you're gonna really kind of knock on the
head anybody who still say you know
you're a teen actor or the kind of High
School Musical thing when I read the
script I was emotionally kind of grabbed
by a relationship between the brothers
was very cool and something that I had
some insight on you have had phenomenal
success what is it like to sort of pinch
yourself and think crikey I'm
extraordinarily famous all the time I
say crikey
I've literally never said criking before
I just did I just got that out of the
way
it's weird I try not to think about it
the only time I really talk about it at
all is during interviews yeah the girls
are really sweet you know it's it's
great to have fans there's some things
and some places that sure I don't go but
most of the time I'm able to get along
just fine where are you on love and mrs.
s fraud yeah dating Vanessa and that's
going well it's kind of amazing it's
great better than ever she wishes she
was here
London's her favorite place in the world
she's super jealous right now and I
should probably go call her and tell her
that I landed thanks good and that I'm
having tea with you